Fix typos (#1894)
launchbadge/sqlx: CHANGELOG.md

    included refactoring to make the pool internals less brittle (using RAII instead of manual
    work is one example) and to help any future contributors when changing the pool internals.

> -   Passwords are now being prescient decoding before being presented to the server [[@repnop]]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Passwords are now being percent-decoded before being presented to the server [[@repnop]]
```
